Amend error summary markup to fix page load focus bug in JAWS 2022 (#2677)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Recommended changes

> #### Change accessible attributes in the markup of the error summary component

Reviewer: Looking at [other times we've written up recommended changes](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md#remove-aria-live-from-the-character-count-component), I think we try to be as explicit as possible about what needs to be changed.

Author: I've updated this to try to be more descriptive, hopefully it isn't too overwhelming now. Let me know what you think.

Reviewer: It's definitely clearer now! Not sure if it's too long, but hopefully Calvin or Claire might be able to help condense it down a little too (or reassure us that it's ok)

> If you're not using the Nunjucks macros, we recommend making the following changes to the error summary markup:

Reviewer 2: Yeah, this looks alright to me. I'd suggest giving the reason for the recommendation earlier on.

Also, is "the Nunjucks macros" clear enough? I can't tell from this if it's 'all Nunjucks macros in GOV.UK Frontend' or just the ones in the error summary component.

```suggestion
If you're not using the Nunjucks macros, you can help screen reader users by making these changes to the error summary markup:
```

Author: Will make the change in a mo. I took the nunjucks macros line as a convention in our changelog. Generally if a team aren't using one of our macros then it's very likely they aren't using our macros at all as typically the reason to not use our macros is a question of codebase compatibility eg: govuk using ruby on rails which doesn't fit with nunjucks. It's a bit tricky to convey though so I'm open to suggestions.

- Remove `aria-labelledby="error-summary-title"` and `role="alert"` from the parent element (`govuk-error-summary`)
- Add a `div` wrapper around the contents of `govuk-error-summary` with the attribute `role="alert"`
- Remove `id="error-summary-title"` from the error summary `h2` (`govuk-error-summary__title`)

> This will enable screen reader users to have a better, more coherent experience with the error summary. Most notably it will ensure that users of JAWS 2022 and up will hear the entire contents of the error summary on page load and therefore have further context on why there is an error on the page they're on.

Reviewer 2: Looks good here, thanks! I don't feel too concerned about length, seems pretty typical for the changelog?

Did a quick ctrl-F and looks like we say "or later" when referring to software versions.

```suggestion
This will enable screen reader users to have a better, more coherent experience with the error summary. Most notably it will ensure that users of JAWS 2022 and later will hear the entire contents of the error summary on page load and therefore have further context on why there is an error on the page they're on.
```

Author: Thanks Calv! I've made this change locally and I'm just waiting for the 4.3.1 release before I push and merge
